Hello and welcome to the complete cucumber be the date selenium.
John of course my name is John Hebrew No and I'm an experience automation test engineer.
Many years experience that's led a number of companies to adopt automation Tessy in their enterprise
environments.
This Course teaches you the most important automation test tools being used today.
Oh teachy selenium way driver cucumber b day apology mavor jane kids in some java to help you try out
an up and running framework.
These are technologies that many recruiters are asking for in today's rapidly growing market of spying.
The purpose of the technology why they use how they use and how to integrate them with each other.
So home is these calls for.
Perhaps you or mangal Tessa or someone that knows the basics of automation Tessie.
Perhaps you're a complete beginner or interested to learn what automation test is all about.
So this course is right for you is course has been designed to teach you the basics of automation testing
all the way to the philippian Advanced frameworks.
By the time you finish this course you have the knowledge to become an all time Asian test engineer.
So why even chooses course.
I have personally been responsible for teaching teens that people learn and adopt automation tests even
in their workplace.
I spent years finally now and adjusting my teaching methods.
Students get the most out of my courses and I know what works and are constantly updating my course
to keep you up to date with the latest market trends.
You feel this course is right for you.
Then feel free to check out free calls content.